Make-My-Food system is a web-based application that enables customers to order their pizza online for home delivery or pick up from the pizzeria. The problem with the existing system is you must have ordered your pizzas on the phone for home delivery. The process seems easy to use, but at times there is miscommunication. As there is no visual menu shown during a phone call, the employees have to repeat a lot of things again and again to the customers. It’s a time-consuming process which at times, irritates customers. Also, it takes a lot of time for the pizzeria staff. 
           It would be much more comfortable for the customers having an online pizza ordering system. It would be hassle-free for users as they can select the pizzas they want and make payment for it. Also, it will reduce the purchasing time for customers. Let us look at another benefit of using this system. Suppose I go to a pizzeria and make an order. Even after ordering pizzas from their outlet, I have to wait at least 15 minutes for my order to be ready. 
 It would be much more convenient if pizzas were ordered using a website or any online system, and it will tell the customer the time by which the order will be ready for pickup at the counter. It would be great for the customer as it will eliminate the waiting time.
•	The surface experience is provided in our project using responsive web design, and the working is the same. We are offering a touch-based and browser-based according to different resolution the optimization of the same provided in the surface table. 
•	The user can log in or check out our website and customize their food according to requirements and needs. They can reduce their waiting time to get the food by placing their order in advance.
